hi it's agusta welcome or welcome back
to my channel and yes i'm back
inaudible until the game school works
coins already my vacation so
expecting uploaded the getting active
now
you should also follow me on instagram
if you want more contents
and yeah if you want to be friends it's
okay anyway
this tutorial or this video is going to
be a no foundation
makeup looks it's going to be easy
perfect for our weather here in the
philippines now very humid especially
that we are also wearing masks if you're
interested in knowing
how i do my no foundation makeup look
then
keep on watching
break out the whole lady but today's
makeup look it's going to be
a no foundation makeup look and i also
want to talk about
acne positivity because you know
advocacy i focus but i also
want to talk about it because i know the
struggle
[Music]
you're like me if you have acne prone
skin
a way for me to hide my acne
because of the beauty standards
but then i realized
and i'm also um proud that the industry
like in makeup industry
naga alana
i'm actually more on the fair skin
than the
[Music]
before well
now it's because of the maturity
narration
but i also want to talk about overcome
like how i overcame it i'll share it
this is a story anyway i'm just going to
finish this one and
italian this is also kind of my updated
makeup look because
i think in a gaming photographer every
day like mabilis
i think it's it's going to take me 10
minutes to do this makeup look longer
anyway
you know in story
before i could say i was so insecure
about
pimple marks
[Music]
very natural
anyway
[Music]
whenever i want to post something on
instagram also think about other people
[Music]
it's really just a waste of time and
you need to say
what's the point what's the point muslim
insecurity
i have to please other people i have to
meet their standards
[Music]
uh
and now i'm happy because i'm doing
something that i love
i'm doing something that i'm passionate
about think
[Music]
at least i'm doing something that i love
i'm passionate about
and hindi
i really want to put out content because
i want to share
my knowledge and a lot of people are
actually
always asking me for recommendations so
why not
do something about it
so why not grab that opportunity
[Music]
um
parents my family my friends
and all that
is
[Music]
it's not really a flaw it's your future
first of all hindi shaflow
and it's something unique about yourself
now once an acceptance
[Music]
when it comes to those things
so just you know
it's hard it's really a journey
[Music]
maybe it's because my eyeliner is drying
out so sobering
and lately
anyway
[Music]
journey it's really um i know
it depends on your facing then because
and i'm just sharing my story in the
video since i've been in the community
[Music]
just a get ready with me chit chat get
ready with me
live i'm also using this one and
this one is the sunny's face
lip treat and juice because it's over
and then you couldn't expect a
moisturizing shower
lips
[Music]
i tried this overnight soft summer and
soft yeah
so this is the final look you guys
it's so easy and this is also my updated
everyday loca singapore
eyeliner i don't know if it's really
pontoy i don't know if it's pantai
but pretend nalang it's pantai because
i'm having a bad eyeliner
day but this is the look you guys it's
already finished and i'm loving my hair
today it's so cute
yeah i hope you guys enjoyed this video
like and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more of me
i'll see you guys on my next one bye